Update Installation/macOS (#4355)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Installation/macOS/en.md

# Installation on macOS

> This page will roughly guide you on getting osu! working on your macOS device.

Author: The wording of this feels a little bit unnatural to me with the `how to`. Maybe:
> This page will roughly guide you on installing osu! on your macOS device.

?

> This page will roughly guide you on getting osu! working on your macOS device.

Reviewer: sounds fine, we can go with that

## Minimum system requirements

- A decent computer running macOS.

> ## osu!lazer

Reviewer: if anything, this header should be below Troubleshooting

Author: I got the impression that peppy wanted to make the osu!lazer client the more obviously recommended one (https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/4313) which is why I left it as the first heading but yeah I'll put it at the bottom

The macOS version of osu! is subject to minor display bugs and less performant gameplay. The game may not function perfectly at first and takes some fine-tuning to get used to. To install it:

1. Go to the unofficial Wineskin [download page](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1106057), download the latest Wineskin and unzip it.
2. Download the unofficial [osu!macOS Agent](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1036678) tool and use it to repair the `osu!.app` file. Alternatively:
   1. Move `osu!.app` to the desktop.

>    2. Open Terminal, copy this command: `xattr -c 'Desktop/osu!.app'`, and press enter.

Author: The `Return` word looks bigger on my keyboard so that seems right. I think it'd be better to make it something like:

> and press the `Return` key.

so it doesn't get confused with some UI element named "Return". That being said, I don't know how many users are familiar with the key being called `Return` rather than `Enter`.

5. When the installation is complete, osu! will start up right after. osu!direct will be used to download some starter beatmaps for you.
6. osu! will prompt you to sign in or register.
   - If you have an account already, sign in.
   - If you need to register, see [Registration](/wiki/Registration), then sign in.

## Troubleshooting

If you have difficulties opening osu! then the following steps may help you:

1. Check the report generated by [osu!macOS Agent](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1036678) for any errors.
   - If you are on an older version of macOS Catalina (before or equal to 10.15.4) then you must either update macOS (recommended) or disable [System Integrity Protection](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/security/disabling_and_enabling_system_integrity_protection).
2. Use the extractor "Archive Utility" builtin to macOS. Other extractors may not unzip the Wineskin correctly.

> 3. If you have an antivirus installed ensure that it is disabled when you unzip osu! or else it may quarantine files required by Wine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you have an antivirus installed, ensure that it is disabled when you unzip osu! or else it may quarantine files required by Wine.
```

> 4. If nothing else works you can ask for help on the [osu! help forums](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If nothing works, you can create a post in the [Help forum](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/5).
```

## osu!lazer

> [osu!lazer](https://github.com/ppy/osu) is the next version of osu! currently in development. If you do not care about earning [performance points](/wiki/Performance_points) then it is recommended you use this client. To install it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[osu!lazer](https://github.com/ppy/osu) is the future game client of osu! currently in development. If you do not care about earning [performance points](/wiki/Performance_points), then it is recommended you try it out. In order to install it, take the following steps:
```

> 1. Go to the osu!lazer [download page](https://github.com/ppy/osu/releases/latest), download `osu!.app.zip` and unzip it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [osu!lazer download page](https://github.com/ppy/osu/releases/latest), download `osu!.app.zip` and unzip it.
```

2. Double click on osu! and press `Open` to open it.

> 3. If a dialog asks to allow osu! to receive keystrokes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If a dialog asks you to allow osu! to receive keystrokes:
```
